you have a sports boat and sports boats because that is the case
is made everywhere in it nowadays
China in Poland and Vietnam but the real one
sport boats that are dead american
what is not a country that can compete with
the price-quality ratio of these
large numbers of sports boat produced
this bayliner 175 is actually it
nautical equivalent for the volkswagen
golf a perfect entry model for the
starting water sports
but also a boat where an experienced
watersports enthusiast a lot of fun
polite
and don't say to be ashamed
This model is a builder bringing earth
that there is a place for it in the
visitors
nice thick pillows enough space
for the feet and the handle it is
also important in the right place and
Below
storage space and a cup holder
you recognize the real america by that
there is a motor in the back
3 liter 135 hp and anger but
hardly 900 kilometers is a huge one
ability will see him as a spear
runs off
he is very easy to maintain with you
there is great everywhere
for a movie boat it is simple will
very important
here you are part of the boat
is not nice and spacious
Here you can water keel and attach it
and this handle is very important
especially the easy when you get out of it
water by climbing
here the porters take place on the port side
so not a lot of room for your knees
although nice is that you can completely do that couch
you can lay flat how delicious there
lie
this driver's seat is ideal for this
me but of course I am not that whole
very large
what I think is a pity is that you are not the
for example
standing
what looks good
good look
this bayliner 175 is from 21 1185 euros
for sale at holland sport boat center
say yourself that price is not too bad
certainly for such a comfortable point bolt
with a top of 70 kilometers per hour